{"title":"Sample Contract","itemList":[{"itemType":"info","title":"You need to know","content":"The Term of this Contract shall begin at 12:00pm on 8/18/17 (the “Starting Date”) and end at 7/23/18 9:00am on (the “Ending Date”)."},{"itemType":"info","title":"You need to know","content":"STUDENT STATUS REQUIRED: Landlord requires each Resident to hold and maintain current student status throughout the Lease Term. The term “student” as used in this Lease is defined as an individual enrolled as a student in an institute of higher education (including, without limitation, a community college, a trade or vocational school, or a college or university, including graduate degree programs)."},{"itemType":"info","title":"You need to know","content":"You are in violation of this Lease if: You are not a “student” as defined in this Lease, Further, upon request by us at any time, you must provide proof of current “student” status."},{"itemType":"info","title":"You need to know","content":"Your total Base Rent for the Lease Term is 10,817.28 Resident’s payment of the total Base Rent shall be in 12 equal installments to be paid as indicated below, each such installment consisting of the following."},{"itemType":"info","title":"You need to know","content":"You will pay a full Monthly Installment of Rent before you move in to cover the part of Rent from the Starting Date through the last day of that month. Each following Monthly Installment of Rent will be due on or before the 1st day of each subsequent month during the Lease Term, in advance, and without us having to make demand for payment. However, we reserve the right to collect the last monthly installment of Rent before you move in. Rent is never prorated under any circumstances for partial months."},{"itemType":"info","title":"You need to know","content":"Together with the other co-resident in your Bedroom, joint use of the furniture within the Bedroom (if provided by us), and your joint use of all appliances and furniture within the Common Areas of the apartment. All apartments come fully furnished and there is no option for removal of furniture by Landlord. No furniture, appliances, or any other items provided by the Landlord shall be removed from the apartment at any time or for any non-emergency reason unless written authorization is provided by Landlord first."},{"itemType":"info","title":"You need to know","content":"Resident acknowledges Landlord has the right to assign a Roommate to any vacant Bedspace in an Apartment before or during the Lease Term with or without notice. Resident acknowledges that reasonable cooperation and respect should be shared among Roommates and non-smoker rights shall prevail. Resident is solely responsible for getting along with Roommates, even if we placed you with the Roommates. Neither Landlord nor Manager shall be liable for any personal conflict between you and your Roommates, Roommates’ guests, licensees, invitees, or with any other residents that may reside at the Community. Roommate assignments are offered as a convenience to you, and neither Landlord nor Manager assumes any liability for claims relating in any way to any roommate assignment. You are solely responsible for any interactions of any kind with your roommates and any other resident. Manager performs a routine rental application screen which may not constitute a complete criminal background check. Manager does not necessarily inquire into the backgrounds of all residents or attempt to verify the statements of its residents."},{"itemType":"multipleChoice","title":"PARKING?","hasSubItem":true,"choices":[{"choiceVal":"Yes","subItems":[{"itemType":"info","title":"You need to know","content":"Your joint use of the mailbox and your sole use of the Assigned Parking if one or both have been assigned to you. If the postmaster serving the Community has instituted or begins during this Lease “single drop delivery,” we will place your mail in the mailbox, but assume no liability and you release us from liability for misdelivery, delays in delivery, failure of delivery or lost or damaged packages, envelopes or any other type of mail delivery. In addition, at the Ending Date, you will notify the U.S. Postal Service to forward your mail to such address as you may specify at at postalforwarding.com. We. We have no obligation to forward your mail."},{"itemType":"info","title":"You need to know","content":"VEHICLE PARKING: Resident acknowledges that this Lease does not include the right to park in the designated Resident parking area, unless Resident has entered into a parking agreement with Landlord. If Resident has entered into a parking agreement with Landlord, a copy of the same is attached hereto and incorporated herein. Resident agrees to comply with the terms and conditions of the Parking Agreement and rules and regulations applicable to parking which may be promulgated by Landlord from time to time during the Lease Term. Parking is subject to limited availability."}]},{"choiceVal":"No"}]},{"itemType":"multipleChoice","title":"MAILBOX?","hasSubItem":true,"choices":[{"choiceVal":"Yes","subItems":[{"itemType":"info","title":"You need to know","content":"Your joint use of the mailbox and your sole use of the Assigned Parking if one or both have been assigned to you. If the postmaster serving the Community has instituted or begins during this Lease “single drop delivery,” we will place your mail in the mailbox, but assume no liability and you release us from liability for misdelivery, delays in delivery, failure of delivery or lost or damaged packages, envelopes or any other type of mail delivery. In addition, at the Ending Date, you will notify the U.S. Postal Service to forward your mail to such address as you may specify at at postalforwarding.com. We. We have no obligation to forward your mail."}]},{"choiceVal":"No"}]},{"itemType":"info","title":"You need to know","content":"Resident acknowledges that Resident has read this Lease, and all other addenda and accompanying documents. Resident affirms that Resident will, in all respects, comply with the terms and provisions of the Lease. RESIDENT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS A LEGAL DOCUMENT AND IS ENFORCEABLE AGAINST RESIDENT. Resident acknowledges that accepting the Lease electronically is the same as a written signature and that a notarized, facsimile signature is just as binding as an original."}]}